Create an Issues Submission Page Enhancement (#2271)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_report.md

---
name: "\U0001F41BBug report"
about: Report a bug in MithrilJS
---

### Mithril Version: x.x.x

> <!--- Provide the exact version of React-Proto in which you see the bug.  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Provide the exact version of Mithril in which you see the bug.  -->
```

> <!--- Provide the exact version of React-Proto in which you see the bug.  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Provide the exact version of MithrilJS in which you see the bug.  -->
```
